New rustdoc member: jsha (#819)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/inside-rust/2021-04-20-jsha-rustdoc-member.md

---
layout: post
title: "Jacob Hoffman-Andrews joins the Rustdoc team"
author: Guillaume Gomez
description: "new rustdoc team member"
team: the rustdoc team <https://www.rust-lang.org/governance/teams/dev-tools#rustdoc>
---

Hello everyone, please welcome [Jacob Hoffman-Andrews][@jsha] to the rustdoc team!

> Jacob Hoffman-Andrews([@jsha]) has been contributing a lot on rustdoc front-end. Thanks to him, the load of the rustdoc pages is much faster. Here is a non-exhaustive list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jacob Hoffman-Andrews([@jsha]) has been contributing a lot on rustdoc front-end. Thanks to him, the pageload of the rustdoc pages is much faster. Here is a non-exhaustive list of the stuff he's done recently:
```

> Jacob Hoffman-Andrews([@jsha]) has been contributing a lot on rustdoc front-end. Thanks to him, the pageload of the rustdoc pages is much faster. Here is a non-exhaustive list of the stuff he's done recently:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jacob Hoffman-Andrews ([@jsha]) has been contributing a lot on rustdoc front-end. Thanks to him, the pageload of the rustdoc pages is much faster. Here is a non-exhaustive list of the stuff he's done recently:
```

>  * The huge search index is only loaded [when you need it]https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/82310).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * The huge search index is only loaded [when you need it](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/82310).
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!

>  * The huge search index is only loaded [when you need it](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/82310).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The huge search index is now only loaded [when needed](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/82310).
```

>  * The page "flow" is [now smoother](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/82315).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The pageload has [has been optimized a bunch](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/82315).
```

>  * They also worked on the HTMLification of the toggles (show/hide documentation), reducing the amount of javascript required by rustdoc and therefore reducing even further the page load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Rustdoc's show/hide toggles [are being converted to pure HTML](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/83332), reducing complexity and improving pageload performance.
 ```
